Qin Shao, what is this Long Thanh Group?
It's possible to pack the top floor of Tu Khanvan Dinh.
That's not true, this package is second.
Do you see what this birthday card says?
Happy Birthday To Moc Nguyet
This is simply challenging your cousin.
Even the Tang family, the head of the four great families, did not put it in his eyes.
I'm getting to know the bosses behind this corporation.
That's a great boss.
He is in the new legend of Tam Giang
Rich in four seas
What's your brother called?
Hey, what do I think? You look familiar.
Big Brother Chen is afraid of getting the wrong person.
Isn't that the boss behind the rural corporation?
What are you talking about?
Wasn't that the bodyguard who was sent away at my cousin's engagement party the day before?
It's a fake ancestor.
Turns out it's the poor maple.
And find that deliveryman.
Forget it.
Come on, let's go for the one with no eyes.
Ah.
What about Chu Yew?
Can you come to this place too?
Get out of here!
Last time at Tang's house, my brother Tang Yu couldn't come down.
This time I'm here to harass my sister.
You want to die, don't you?
I can't believe these two are going to an engagement party.
It was also said that the family had ended up helping the Dragon King.
An angry man begged the owner.
Whose dog doesn't have a leash?
It's wild here.
Ha ha ha
A small guard.
The breath is very loud.
Do you use large manure to brush on the ground of Suzhou city in the morning?
"Dare to join us," cried the two families, "you are so brave to praise."
It turned out to be the Qin and Su.
That's great.
What's wrong, afraid of a bunch of ants.
Find death guard
Get this shit out of here.
Wait a minute.